Add Getting Started with DataGrid (#1251)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/DataGrid/00 Getting Started with DataGrid/40 Edit and Validate Data.md

Users can add new records and update or delete existing records. To allow each of these operations, enable the [allowAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding), [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating), and [allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) options in the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/) object. The **DataGrid** also supports multiple [edit modes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode). This tutorial uses the popup edit mode.

> DevExtreme includes a validation engine that validates edited values before they are saved. This engine supports different validation rule types, such as [Email](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/EmailRule/), [Compare](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/CompareRule/), [Range](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/RangeRule/), and more. Validation rules are specified per column; one column can have multiple rules. In this tutorial, select columns have the [Required](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/RequiredRule/) rule.

Reviewer: >In this tutorial, select columns have the [Required](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/RequiredRule/) rule.

I don't understand what 'select columns' means in this sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
DevExtreme includes a validation engine that validates edited values before they are saved. This engine supports different validation rule types, such as [Email](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/EmailRule/), [Compare](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/CompareRule/), [Range](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/RangeRule/), and more. Validation rules are specified per column; one column can have multiple rules. In this tutorial, several columns have the [Required](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/RequiredRule/) rule.
```

Reviewer: LGTM

    function App() {
        return (
            <div className="App">
                <DataGrid ... >
                    {/* ... */}
                    <Column dataField="FullName">
                        <RequiredRule />
                    </Column>
                    <Column dataField="Position">
                        <RequiredRule />
                    </Column>
                    <Column ...
                        dataField="BirthDate">
                        <RequiredRule />
                    </Column>
                    <Column ...
                        dataField="HireDate">
                        <RequiredRule />
                    </Column>
                    {/* ... */}
                    <Column ...
                        dataField="Country">
                        <RequiredRule />
                    </Column>
                    <Editing
                        mode="popup"
                        allowUpdating={true}
                        allowDeleting={true}
                        allowAdding={true}
                    />
                </DataGrid>
            </div>
        );
    }

    export default App;

---

> Run the code and click the Edit button in any row. You will see a popup window that contains an edit form. Remove a value from the Full Name text box on this form. You should see the following validation error: *"First Name is required"*.

Reviewer: >Remove a value from the Full Name text box on this form.

I would suggest to clarify that users have to use UI. Something like "Clear the 'Full Name' text box in(?) this form. You will see the..."

Author: As for "on the form" vs "in the form", it looks like it is "on" after all: https://www.learnersdictionary.com/qa/IN-or-ON-with-written-documents-page-blog-website-form-

```suggestion
Run the code and click the Edit button in any row. You will see a popup window that contains an edit form. Clear the Full Name text box on this form. You should see the following validation error: *"First Name is required"*.
```

Reviewer: LGTM
